Orb Of Approximate Data - Build Instructions

1. Acquire a suitable translucent housing like the Ikea Grono lamps and 
   source all of the required electronics (see the Bill of Materials).

2. Follow the instructions on this page to install the WiShield libraries
   http://asynclabs.com/wiki/index.php?title=AsyncLabsWiki

   For the Arduino software version 0018 on OS X that I'm using, this meant
   placing the downloaded files in the the libraries/WiShield directory
   under the "Sketchbook location" directory.  You can check or edit your
   Sketchbook directory in the Arduino software preferences.

   In this directory, edit the apps-conf.h file.  Comment out all of the 
   #defines at the top of the file except for #define APP_WISERVER

   If you get an error message when you try to compile the code about 
   not being able to find WiServer.h, that means this step has not been 
   completed correctly.

3. Download the Orb Arduino code, modify the configuration settings for
   your local wireless network and anything else you'd like to customize,
   and program the BlackWidow Arduino board.  There are comments in the code
   about the various configuration and customization options.

4. Wire the external circuitry.  Connect the 3 resistors to the PWM output
   pins 3, 5, and 6, and connect the Anode (the long leg) of each LED to
   one of the resistors.  To use the code without modification, connect the 
   red LED to the resistor from pin 3, the blue to pin 5, and the green
   to pin 6.  Connect the Cathodes of each LED (the short leg) to ground.  
   Be sure to consult the schematic.

5. Power up the Arduino while it is connected to your computer via USB.  
   Open the serial port monitor in the Arduino software and watch the output
   to confirm that you are able to connect to the wifi network.  You'll 
   also see the blue LED on the BlackWidow board light up.  Double check
   your wifi network configuration options if the board cannot connect to 
   the network.  NOTE:  This can take 30+ seconds to connect if you're using
   secured access on the network.

6. Place the circuitry inside your lamp and route the power cable.  

7. Plug it in and confirm that everything works.

8. Think about contributing your own data source to be hosted on 2552.com 
   or consider hosting some data sources yourself.

   
